c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActuarialCalc\ActuarialCalc\bin\Debug\ActuarialCalc.exe.config
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActuarialCalc\ActuarialCalc\bin\Debug\ActuarialCalc.exe
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActuarialCalc\ActuarialCalc\bin\Debug\ActuarialCalc.pdb
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActuarialCalc\ActuarialCalc\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActuarialCalc\ActuarialCalc\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActuarialCalc\ActuarialCalc\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActuarialCalc\ActuarialCalc\obj\Debug\ActuarialCalc_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActuarialCalc\ActuarialCalc\obj\Debug\ActuarialCalc.g.resources
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActuarialCalc\ActuarialCalc\obj\Debug\ActuarialCalc.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActuarialCalc\ActuarialCalc\obj\Debug\ActuarialCalc.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActuarialCalc\ActuarialCalc\obj\Debug\ActuarialCalc.exe
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActuarialCalc\ActuarialCalc\obj\Debug\ActuarialCalc.pdb
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActuarialCalc\ActuarialCalc\obj\Debug\ActuarialCalc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Nick\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActuarialCalc\ActuarialCalc\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\Nick\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActuarialCalc\ActuarialCalc\obj\Debug\ConnectionDetails.baml
C:\Users\Nick\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActuarialCalc\ActuarialCalc\obj\Debug\ConnectionDetails.g.cs
C:\Users\Nick\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActuarialCalc\ActuarialCalc\bin\Debug\ActuarialCalc.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Nick\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActuarialCalc\ActuarialCalc\bin\Debug\ActuarialCalc.application
C:\Users\Nick\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActuarialCalc\ActuarialCalc\obj\Debug\ActuarialCalc.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Nick\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ActuarialCalc\ActuarialCalc\obj\Debug\ActuarialCalc.application
C:\Users\N\Desktop\General-Projects\ActuarialCalc\bin\Debug\ActuarialCalc.exe.config
C:\Users\N\Desktop\General-Projects\ActuarialCalc\obj\Debug\ActuarialCalc.exe
C:\Users\N\Desktop\General-Projects\ActuarialCalc\obj\Debug\ActuarialCalc.pdb
C:\Users\N\Desktop\General-Projects\ActuarialCalc\obj\Debug\ActuarialCalc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\N\Desktop\General-Projects\ActuarialCalc\obj\Debug\ConnectionDetails.baml
C:\Users\N\Desktop\General-Projects\ActuarialCalc\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\N\Desktop\General-Projects\ActuarialCalc\obj\Debug\ConnectionDetails.g.cs
C:\Users\N\Desktop\General-Projects\ActuarialCalc\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\N\Desktop\General-Projects\ActuarialCalc\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\N\Desktop\General-Projects\ActuarialCalc\obj\Debug\ActuarialCalc_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\N\Desktop\General-Projects\ActuarialCalc\obj\Debug\ActuarialCalc.g.resources
C:\Users\N\Desktop\General-Projects\ActuarialCalc\obj\Debug\ActuarialCalc.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\N\Desktop\General-Projects\ActuarialCalc\obj\Debug\ActuarialCalc.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\N\Desktop\ActuarialCalc\bin\Debug\ActuarialCalc.exe.config
